Phone: +91 9980510306 | (08532) 235730,236413
Fax: (08532) 235293.
Privacy Policy
×
The user agrees that by entering this website, the user will be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of epaper Hello Mysore. User agrees that usage/browsing of the "Online Publications" may lead to the user's device information, visits to and use of this website (including [IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation, pixel tag, etc [hereinafter to be referred to as "information"] being accessible to epaper Hello Mysore and/or third party.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user's computer's hard drive. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the "Online Publications" on the user's computer's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user's web browsers security settings to block all cookies from the "Online Publications".
Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyse data about web page traffic. epaper Hello Mysore only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from epaper Hello Mysore system.
Overall, cookies are made to provide the user with a better website, by enabling epaper Hello Mysore to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not. A cookie in no way gives access to the user's computer or any information about the user, other than the data the user chooses to share.
Our website may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like the social plug-ins [Facebook, , twitter, LinkedIn etc]. However, once the user shares/ uses these links epaper Hello Mysore does not have any control over other websites. Therefore epaper Hello Mysore cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites. Such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. The user should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
User is advised to use social media and other platforms wisely and with due care and caution with regard to user's own privacy and personal details.  epaper Hello Mysore may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the platform in question. User is advised before using such social sharing buttons that user does so at user's own discretion. Social media and other platforms may track and save user's request to share a web page respectively through user's social media platform and other accounts.
User is invited to submit user comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information concerning the website's contents.epaper Hello Mysore reserves the right to remove or edit such content. All such submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others.
User is invited to submit user comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information concerning the website's contents.epaper Hello Mysore reserves the right to remove or edit such content. All such submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others.
We may revise, alter, add, amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this page. By downloading, installing and/or using this Website or App, You agree to be bound by any such alteration, amendment, addition or modification. If You do not agree to any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, You should not download, install and/or use Website or App.
For epaper related feedback and queries please call us on : +91 9986 994 328 or email us on : sudeer@erelego.com
