ಮುಖಪುಟ
Advertise With Us
The New Indian Express Group is one of South India's leading media conglomerates, publishing newspapers in English, Tamil and Kannada and magazines in Tamil and Malayalam, across South India and Orissa.
We are also one of the largest news providers on the internet through our news websites. We hosts 6 websites in 4 different languages - English, Tamil, Kannada and Malayalam.
Group Websites:
For advertising in our newspapers:
The New Indian Express, Dinamani (tamil) and KannadaPrabha (kannada), Please contact the following –
SMD Heads
For online advertising, Please contact
Mrs. Jayshree,
Leader Board
728x90
Jpeg / Flash banners max file size:< 30kb Runtime: not to exceed 7 seconds Landing page URL should be provided separately.
Text as it needs to appear on the site Landing pageURL
E Mailer
View Sample
Through our websites, we reach out to all four South Indian communities across the globe. We drive very high NRI as well as domestic traffic purely on our news strength. Our ad inventory helps you reach the right profiles and generate higher returns for your investment. We offer, to our advertisers, various innovative advertising options to reach to the target audience.
Ad Specifications & Sizes
Banner sizes : 468x60, 728x90, 160x600, 120x600, 300x250, 120x240
Rich Media Ads
Anyone serving ads on the Internet should take a look at Rich Media. Rich Media ads show a 38 percent higher click-through rate than normal banner ads.
Rich media ads are well on the way to dominating online advertising. Broadband connectivity is the norm, Internet users are overlooking banner ads, and Rich Media Ads are becoming the best option for advertisers.
How it Works?
The Rich Media experience, video streamed to the user, is similar to watching a traditional television commercial - with the added benefit of being able to click through to the advertiser's website, or to skip the ad and go to the main website.
Types of Ads
Intromercial/ Full Page/ Site Capture
Expandables/ Shoshkele
Sliders
Intromercials Ad Format
The Intromercial ad format is a simple, repeatable format that sets a good standard for advertisers.What's attractive to advertisers is that intromercials reportedly deliver 5 to 10 times better response rates than banner ads (partially because intromercials allow a plethora of rich media executions).
A Full page Intromercial takes over the entire screen and usually appears either when the user first enters the website or is checking one of the internal pages. Since this blocks the actual web page it usually last for few seconds so as to not irritate the web visitor. Most Intromercials feature a "continue" and a "about the ad" buttons that allow the visitor to skip the ad or know more about the advertiser. They usually have a frequency cap of 1, so the user only has to watch it on the first visit of the day.
By default, Intromercials just play for few seconds before getting redirected to the requested publisher page.
Intromercials with Leave-Behind
An additional option is available where by the Intromercial leaves behind a small 120 x 90 pop-up at the top-right corner of the screen. This popup has a Close and Replay buttons. On clicking the close button, the small leave behind will disappear. On clicking the replay button, the entire Intromercial will play again. The Leave-behind pop-ups are shown only for the first four page request by the particular user.
Standard Specifications
