Clip image
PRIVACY POLICY
The information provided by the user on this website shall be kept confidential and shallnot be shared with anyone. The DATA will neither be made accessible to third parties nortransferred in any form or manner unless required by law.
SAPP may share your personal information with our bankers forclearing necessary bill/subscription payments. This information shall be strictly up to the legalpermissible limit and not exceeding.
Online Payment system purpose to provide flexibility and conform to its continuingour customer by offering option to pay online using payment methods.
It is sole responsibility of customer to pick online payment option. SAPP do not recommend/prefer/promote any particular method.
If payment is made by means of a card that you do not personally own, the permission ofthe card owner must always be obtained to make payments using the card. In using thesystem you confirm that you have such permission.
Information related to payments using debit or credit card is not accessed or stored by our company.
No Warranty: The information and materials contained in this site including, graphics, linksor other items are provided as on “As Is” and “As Available” basis by company whichorganized and tries to provide information accurately and expressly disclaims liability forerror or omission in this information and materials. No warranty of any kind, implied,express or statutory shall be given by our company shall not be limited to the warranty offitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus is given in conjunctionwith the information and materials.
Limitation of Liability: In no event, Company will be liable for any damage direct or indirectlosses or expenses arising in connection with site or use thereof inability to use by anyperson delay of operation or transaction, computer virus etc.
Security:
All payment details which are entered through this payment gateway are encrypted when thecustomer, or third party making payment, enters them. The site is secure and uses 128-bitencryption to offer secure communications by encrypting all data to and from the site Shree Ambika Printers and Publicatins shall not be liable for any failure by the Customer or third party making paymentof Bills/Subscriptions to properly protect data from being seen on their screen by other persons or otherwiseobtained by such other persons, during the Online Payment process or in respect of any omissionto provide accurate information in the Course of the Online Payment Process.
Variations to the Terms and Conditions:
The SAPP reserves the right to vary these Terms and Conditions from time to time and the currentversion will be that published on this website.
Advertisement
