oormaniangadi.com : Kundapura’s first ever online store
Team Udayavani,  Oct 23, 2018, 11:28 AM IST
A
A
A
Online shopping has become a major shopping trend in modern society. Young people are more interested in buying products through online and the feasibility is more in e-commerce buying. There are so many people with the thought if they can buy the local culture products online. Today, the entire team at ForthFocus Group have initiated the long desires of the people by making online shopping site named www.oormaniangadi.com in Kundapura
Oormani Angadi (Hometown’s Shop in Kundagannada) is Kundapura’s first ever online store showcasing the custom and tradition of Kundapur altogether under one roof with custom-made products. This is something to connect to the emotions of native town Kundapura.
They have a wide range of Kundapura’s local culture reflecting products like; Phone cases, Canvas tote bags, Coffee mugs, Coasters, Laptop sleeves, Mousepads, T-shirts, and Hoodies for all age group with famous Kundapura slangs. People in town and beyond boundaries have shown their love for the hometown by wearing these t-shirts. Reviews have said, it indicates love and attachment towards Kundapura. Custom t-shirt design and printing are also accepted. So far more than 500 custom-made designs are delivered to the clients through direct orders by call/email on special requests. 
The team is planning to launch a fully automatic custom order placing module very soon.
The demand for local products of coastal Karnataka specially Karavali, Dakshina Kannada and Kundapura is always high. Most of the products in oormaniangadi.com are originally from these places. You will find authentic products like over 20 varieties papads,  Parijatha’s masala powders, Sambar powder, Sweets, Snacks, Flavourer Cashews, Joni Bella, Barkur Bella, Dry fishes, Dry Prawns, Kori Rotti, Kundapura Chicken Masala powders etc. The online store also has Books by Authors like Dr. K. Shivarama Karantha, Om Ganesh Kamath, Shantha HN, and Dr. Umesh Bhat who are native Kundapurians. They also have health care, home decor, and personal care products which are manufactured & marketed by native Kundapurians.
So far, Dry fish, Natural coconut oil and personal care products have reached customers not only in Karnataka but also to the cities like in Gurugram, Noida, Haryana, Delhi, Kerala, Tamilnadu, Andra Pradesh.
Oormani Angadi guarantees product delivery within 5 – 8 days of purchase to all most all the area within India and has access to over 20,000+ pin codes for Delivery supporting the online payment method such as Credit cards, Debit cards, Netbanking, BHIM UPI and Paytm options. Cash-On-Delivery is currently not available on products to ensure a safe and trusted transaction.
Oormani Angadi has tied up with popular shipping agencies and widening its delivery network throughout India and soon to begin International product delivery. The FOOD PRODUCTS purchased on this site will incur WEIGHT BASED SHIPPING charges. Shipping rates will be displayed depending upon the total cart weight at the time of checkout hence Oormani Angadi provides detailed transaction history to all its customers. 
They have also introduced an ABSOLUTELY FREE SHIPPING for Apparels, Phone cases, Bags, and few selected grocery items.
Zero returns of products have been the point of motivation and appreciation. In case of any such issues of product damage, the seller ensures replacement and refund.
“It’s a tribute to the most beautiful, short & sweet form of Kannada, that is Kundagannada or Kundapra Kannada dialect. We are pakka local, young, passionate & fun loving. This is the underlying philosophy that guides us when we think about our content, products, and services. Using our favorite things like Oormani (hometown) KUNDAPRA & Oor baashi (Dialect) KUNDAPRA KANNADA and the mostly used dialogues, emerging trends, design, local delicacies and cultural insights we seek to be a platform for all things that the young Kundapurians relate to. We believe in providing trusted service to our customers and keep transparency of information regarding the product, delivery, payments/charges etc. Matching the shoulders of the big e-commerce market in terms of quality in service. The Company is trying to find out better ways to reduce shipping charges over purchase”, said Mr. V Gautham Navada, Founder & Managing Director of Oormani Angadi.
As a development scope, the company has observed demand from international boundaries with almost 30% app users from foreign countries. Oormani Angadi will soon expand its business internationally and are happy to deliver more and more items to consumers as they have a good response to the new initiative. In addition, other manufacturers and sellers of the Kundapura range also have the opportunity to register their products online with Oormani Angadi and build an online market. 
Within a month of launch, the online store has observed the huge response from consumers. In fact, they have been appreciated and rated 5 stars from consumers for high-quality materials for a fair price with remarkable customer service like never before.
Their android app on Google PlayStore has got an overall 4.9 star ratings which is a really great point to be noted.
Oormani Angadi is another bonus for the Forth Focus Group team that has already made its mark through Software Development, Web Development, and App Development in the Coastal Karnataka region.
Why not get your local available products/ items in your fingertips, visit www.oormaniangadi.com online shopping destination today!
Download Android app:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.forthfocus.oormaniangadi
Disclaimer:The views expressed in comments section published on Udayavani.com are those of comment writers alone. They do not represent the views or opinions of Udayavani.com, its staff or The Manipal Group, or any entity associated with The Manipal Group. Udayavani.com reserves rights to remove a comment or all the comments any time.
To report any comment you can email us at udayavani.response@manipalgroup.info . We will review the request and delete the comments.
