Daily Transaction Report and Payout Report
Total amount for the payout period
Total amount for the payout period
Donor contact information
You'll receive contact information for donors that opt-in to receive emails from your organization.
Not available
Not available
Nonprofits paid out using Facebook Payments
If your organization is registered with Facebook Payments, payouts will occur bi-weekly as an ACH or direct deposit to your organization's bank account.
Payout timeline
Once money raised for your organization reaches the $100 or equivalent minimum donation payout amount, it becomes eligible for a payout. Funds will roll over until the payout amount reaches the $100 threshold or equivalent £100 (United Kingdom) or €100 (Europe) threshold. Keep in mind that this threshold is per nonprofit, not per fundraiser.
Payouts take 2 weeks to process.
Funds donated the 1–15th of a month are generally paid out during the first five days of the following month. Funds donated on or after the 16th are generally paid out during the 16–20th of the following month.
Example: A $100 donation made on January 1 would be paid out to your nonprofit between February 1-5.
Nonprofits paid out using Network for Good's Donor Advised Fund
If your US-based nonprofit organization isn't registered with Facebook Payments, donations are distributed through Network for Good's Donor Advised Fund .
Funds are sent by electronic transfer if your nonprofit is registered with Network for Good or a check is mailed to the address on file. Learn more about Network for Good's payout process .
Payout timeline
Once money raised for your organization reaches the $10 or equivalent minimum donation payout amount, it becomes eligible for a payout. Funds will roll over until the payout amount reaches the $10 threshold. The $10 minimum payout amount is lowered to $1 once a year to send out payments less than $10.
Donations are usually distributed a month and a half after the last date of the month in which the donations were made.
Example: A donation made in January will be sent to your nonprofit on March 15.
About Giving Tuesday 2018
All donations matched by Facebook and PayPal on #GivingTuesday were paid out through Network for Good in mid-January 2019. Learn more about Giving Tuesday .
Charities paid out using PayPal Giving Fund
Payout timeline
The schedule for receiving money from donations depends on whether the charity is enrolled directly with PayPal Giving Fund.
If the charity is enrolled directly in PayPal Giving Fund, it will receive the money raised 15–45 days after the donation is made on Facebook. Payouts are issued around the end of each month.
If the charity isn't enrolled in PayPal Giving Fund, the money raised will be distributed to the selected charity by online payment or check within 90 days of receiving a donation.
Learn more about donations using PayPal Giving Fund Australia , PayPal Giving Fund Canada or PayPal Giving Fund United Kingdom .
Fundraisers linked to a nonprofit's website
If a donation is made to a Facebook fundraiser linked to a campaign on a nonprofit's website, the donation is distributed through the charitable organization's payment processor.
Note: Third party processors may charge fees that are not covered by Facebook for these donations.
Was this information helpful?
