Posted  by sudharma on Jul 11, 2014 in sliders | 0 comments
It is impossible for a single person to establish and run a newspaper. Vidwaans H. G. Shithikanta Sharma, T. Shankara shastri, Balaganapati Bhat, Shingappa, Roopa Naraya Pandeya and other senior Vidwaans have cooperated with Sudharma for its smooth publication.Â After Pandit Varadaraja Iyengar’s demise., Vidwaan H. V. Nagarajarao & Vidwaan Dr. T. V. Sathyanarayana have been working tirelessly with dedication towards fulfilling Sudharma’s mission.
Completing 44 successful years of existence and entering the 45rd year of Sudharma on July 15th 2014. We are bringing out a special anniversary issue.
Any newspaper requires a financial resource. The usual financial sources for most newspapers are advertisements, donations and contributions from the government. Being in Sanskrit e-paper, Sudharma has never had sufficient revenue from advertisements. It has not received financial support from the government either. Despite supporters’ encouragement, today’s high prices have led to several critical difficulties. Printing material are much more expensive these days. Salaries for workers need to be raised in tune with the current costs of living. These economic pressures are making it increasingly difficult to run Sudharma as a newspaper. It is becoming impossible to provide the honorary editors with the honorarium due to them. In spite of these daunting difficulties. Sudharma has been appearing regularly for the past 44 years. Since from 2008 nearly 95 countries of Sanskrit lovers are reading Sudharma (e-paper) every day.
You may help Sudharma in the following ways.
1. Sending articles to Sudharma and introducing new authors to Sudharma.
2. Giving advertisements on yearly basis. (Monthly /Daily on a particular day)
3. Giving advertisements for the Special anniversary issue.
4. Sponsorserships /Contributions towards sudharma.
5. Encourage atleast five persons to become Subscribers of Sudharma.
We request willing authors to contribute appropriate articles for this special issue.
We request readers to participate in every possible way in order to further Sudharma’s mission.
We look forward to CONTRIBUTIONS, ADVERTISEMENTS & SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Your contribution will go a long way in helping Sudharma fulfill its mission.
Subscription Details
Subscription for Sudharma at Rs. 400/- p.a (inclusive of postage)
You can subscribe to our daily e-paper using the following details
Sudharma Sanskrit Daily
