About Us
×
Vijayavani (Kannada: ವಿಜಯವಾಣಿ) is a Kannada-language daily newspaper distributed in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Vijayavani (Kannada: ವಿಜಯವಾಣಿ) is a Kannada-language daily newspaper distributed in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is published by VRL Group owned by logistics tycoon Vijay Sankeshwar.
Having launched on 1 April 2012, Vijayavani started with merely three editions. Today it has editions in several places like Bengaluru, Mangaluru, Hubballi, Mysuru, Vijayapura, Gangavathi, Chitradurga, Shivamogga and Kalaburgi.
Vijayavani the flagship entity of the VRL Group is the largest circulated newspaper in Karnataka. Vijayavani created media frenzy by being the only Kannada newspaper to launch 9 editions in just 90 days from its 1st launch. Vijayavani is an all colour paper in all Karnataka. With growth rate of 262% in 3 years, Vijayavani today has a certified circulation of 8,38,028 copies.Vijayavani has an unmatched reach which covers 28 districts out of almost 30 districts in entire Karnataka.Apart from the regular content, a four-page
>Contact Us
To advertise on the site write to:
CONTACT US
No. 24, 3rd Floor, Sri Sairam Towers,
5th Main Road, Chamrajpet,
>Privacy Policy
×
The user agrees that by entering this website, the user will be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of epaper vijayavani. User agrees that usage/browsing of the "Online Publications" may lead to the user's device information, visits to and use of this website (including [IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation, pixel tag, etc [hereinafter to be referred to as "information"] being accessible to epaper vijayavani and/or third party.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user's computer's hard drive. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the "Online Publications" on the user's computer's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user's web browsers security settings to block all cookies from the "Online Publications".
Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyse data about web page traffic. epaper vijayavani only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from epaper vijayavani system.
Overall, cookies are made to provide the user with a better website, by enabling epaper vijayavani to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not. A cookie in no way gives access to the user's computer or any information about the user, other than the data the user chooses to share.
Our website may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like the social plug-ins [Facebook, , twitter, LinkedIn etc]. However, once the user shares/ uses these links epaper vijayavani does not have any control over other websites. Therefore epaper vijayavani cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites. Such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. The user should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
User is advised to use social media and other platforms wisely and with due care and caution with regard to user's own privacy and personal details.  epaper vijayavani may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the platform in question. User is advised before using such social sharing buttons that user does so at user's own discretion. Social media and other platforms may track and save user's request to share a web page respectively through user's social media platform and other accounts.
User is invited to submit user comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information concerning the website's contents.epaper vijayavani reserves the right to remove or edit such content. All such submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others.
User is invited to submit user comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information concerning the website's contents.epaper vijayavani reserves the right to remove or edit such content. All such submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others.
We may revise, alter, add, amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this page. By downloading, installing and/or using this Website or App, You agree to be bound by any such alteration, amendment, addition or modification. If You do not agree to any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, You should not download, install and/or use Website or App.
For epaper related feedback and queries please call us on : +91 9986 994 328 or email us on : sudeer@erelego.com
