Home Terms of Service
Terms of Service
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of the websitehttps://www.prajapragathi.com and its subdomains (the ‘Site’). Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the Site. You must be at least 18 years of age to use the Site. By using the Site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use or you are under 18 years of age, please do not use the Site.
Services
PRAJAPRAGATHI provides on line news and feature services and associated services through the Site that enables you to access and view content and to participate in online events hosted on the Site (the ‘Services’).
PRAJAPRAGATHI may create user profiles for use by its customer support representatives for the support, marketing and improvement of the Services. It may, from time to time, send electronic communications to ask how its subscribers are using certain aspects of the Services.
PRAJAPRAGATHI may offer additional services or revise the scope of the Services at its discretion and with or without notice, and these terms of use will apply to all additional or revised Services. PRAJAPRAGATHI also reserves the right to stop offering the Services.
Your access
You can access the Site in the following ways:
(i) By visiting the Site as a guest;
(ii) By registering through the Site as a member; or
(iii) By registering through the Site as a member and purchasing a subscription package as and when made available.
There is no fee payable to access the Site as a guest or as a registered member. However, please note that accessing the Site as a guest or registered member will only give you limited access to features and areas of the Site. If you would like full access to all features and areas of the Site and access to all the Services then you should purchase one of our subscription packages. Your account is for your personal use only. You may not authorise others to use your account or attempt to use another member’s account without first obtaining their consent. You must not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity.
The fees payable for each of our subscription packages are set out on the page of the Site.
Objectionable content
If, as a legally affected party, you have any concern or objection as to the content hosted on this website or its or its intellectual property rights please feel free to contact PRAJAPRAGATHI. Upon receiving your complaint, PRAJAPRAGATHI shall immediately take steps to evaluate and address your right and your complaint in order to promptly redress the same. If the content is found to be objectionable and violates your legal right or that of an affected party then PRAJAPRAGATHI will take down the content. Without recourse to this procedure, you will have no cause of action against PRAJAPRAGATHI or its Directors. In any event once content is taken down you are will have no claim whatsoever against PRAJAPRAGATHI or its directors in any court of law or forum.
Information you submit
If you ever have a requirement to register with the Site, you warrant that you will:
Provide all the information required to complete the registration forms on the Site;
Ensure the information you provide is accurate and up to date;
Update and maintain the accuracy of the information you provide;
Only post information and content that is relevant to the members of the Site (please see below under ‘Restrictions on your use of the Site’ for further details of the restrictions on the type of information and content you can post);
Be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place using your account; and
Restrictions on your use of the Site
You agree that you will not post any content on the Site, transmit any content to others, communicate any content, provide links to any content, or otherwise engage in any activity on the Site or through the Services that:
impersonates or otherwise misrepresents affiliation, connection or association with, any person or entity;
discloses any personal or confidential information of any person or organisation without first obtaining their consent or
solicits another person’s personal information for commercial or unlawful purposes;
solicits or requests personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or solicit passwords for unlawful purposes;
contains any material which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs,
Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data);
promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm against any group or individual;
promotes or enables illegal or unlawful activities;
is intended to harass, annoy, threaten or intimidate any other members or other people or organisations;
is defamatory, inaccurate, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience;
is deliberately misleading or fraudulent;
contains others’ copyrighted content (such as music, videos, photographs, images etc) without first obtaining their consent;
uses the Site or Services for chain letters, junk mail or spam e-mails;
advertises or solicits any member to buy or sell any products or services;
interferes or disrupts networks connected to the Site or attempts to interfere with the proper functioning of the Site (including imposing an unreasonable load on the technical infrastructure used to operate the Site); or
contains any material which may infringe or violate any third party’s rights.
Your responsibility
You are solely responsible for, and assume all liability regarding, (i) the information and content you post on the Site; (ii) the information and content you post, transmit, publish, or otherwise make available through the Site; and (iii) your interactions, if any, with other members through the Site.
Removal of content
PRAJAPRAGATHI reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the information or content you submit to the Site or post in the public areas of the Site. PRAJAPRAGATHI has the right to remove any such information or content: (i) that in it’s sole opinion violates, or may violate, any applicable law, or these terms of use; (ii) or upon the request of any third party.
Security
You agree that you are responsible for keeping your screen name and password for your account secret. You acknowledge that PRAJAPRAGATHI is not responsible for third party access to your account that results from sharing by you or the theft or misappropriation of your screen name and password. PRAJAPRAGATHI reserves the right to suspend your access to the Site or terminate your account if PRAJAPRAGATHI suspects an unauthorised person is attempting to access it.
Reporting
You agree to tell PRAJAPRAGATHI immediately about: (i) any violation of these terms of use by others (including but not limited to other members) of which you become aware; and (ii) any known or suspected unauthorised access to your account.
Risks of using the Site & Services
You assume all risk when using the Site and the Services, including but not limited to, all of the risks associated with any online or offline interactions with others, including browsing. You understand that PRAJAPRAGATHI is unable to guarantee the accuracy or completeness of information provided to you by or about other members, and that PRAJAPRAGATHI is unable to confirm that any member is who he or she claims to be. PRAJAPRAGATHI does not warrant and is not responsible for ensuring that other members are in compliance with these terms of use. You agree to take all necessary precautions when communicating with or meeting individuals through the Site. You understand that PRAJAPRAGATHI makes no guarantees or warranties, either express or implied, regarding individuals you meet or confront through the Site or as to the conduct of such individuals.
Members outside the Republic of INDIA
By registering and creating a member profile you consent to the wider dissemination of the information you provide in that profile to the other users of the Site, some of whom may be outside the Indian Sub continent, to allow you to date in an online environment. PRAJAPRAGATHI will keep your personal information confidential except: (i) where you have posted it for publication or display; or (ii) to the extent that PRAJAPRAGATHI is compelled to disclose it by law or to comply with an instruction of a regulatory body of competent jurisdiction.
PRAJAPRAGATHI’s proprietary rights
You acknowledge and agree that the copyright and other intellectual property rights in the Site and the content provided as part of the Services belongs to PRAJAPRAGATHI, its partners and affilitates. No rights, whatsoever, in respect of the Site or the content provided as part of the Services, are granted to you. Any violation of our rights will be visited with severe penalty and claims for damages.
Licence to your posted content
By posting information or content to our web pages or any public area of the Site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant to PRAJAPRAGATHI an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide licence to use, copy, publish, display, reformat, translate and distribute such information or content and to grant and authorise sub-licences of the same. You further waive any moral rights you may have in any such information or content.
Disclaimer of warranties
This section will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
PRAJAPRAGATHI will provide the Services with reasonable skill and care, and except as expressly provided in these terms of use, does not make or grant (and hereby excludes) any warranties, representations, conditions or terms of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise with respect to the Services or the Site (including all information contained therein), including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
PRAJAPRAGATHI does not warrant that your use of the Site will be secure, uninterrupted, always available, error-free or will meet your requirements, or that any defects in the Site will be corrected. PRAJAPRAGATHI disclaims liability for, and no warranty, representation, condition or other term is made with respect to, the connectivity and availability of the Site.
Opinions, advice, statements, offers, or other information or content made available through the Services, but not directly by PRAJAPRAGATHI, are those of their respective authors, and should not necessarily be relied upon. Such authors are solely responsible for such content. PRAJAPRAGATHI does not: (i) warrant or guarantee the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information provided on the Site or the Services, or (ii) adopt, endorse or accept responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made by any party other than PRAJAPRAGATHI. Under no circumstances will PRAJAPRAGATHI be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from anyone’s reliance on information or other content posted on the Site, provided through the Services, or transmitted to or by any members.
Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event will PRAJAPRAGATHI be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising out of or relating, directly or indirectly, to the use or inability to use the Site or Services, including, without limitation, loss of income or revenue, loss of corruption of data or programs, loss of goodwill and loss of anticipated savings, even if PRAJAPRAGATHI knows or has been advised of the possibility of such loss arising.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will PRAJAPRAGATHI be liable for any claims, losses or damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, general, special, compensatory, consequential, and/or incidental, arising out of or relating to the conduct of you or anyone else in connection with the use of the Site or Services, including without limitation, bodily injury, emotional distress, and/or any other claims, losses or damages resulting from communications or meetings with other users of the Site. This includes any claims, losses or damages arising from the conduct of members who have registered under false pretenses or who attempt to defraud or harm you.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify PRAJAPRAGATHI, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties for any claims, causes of action, debts, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) relating to or arising, directly or indirectly, out of: (i) your use of or inability to use the Site or Services, (ii) any content or information posted by you, (iii) your violation of these terms of use or your violation of any rights of a third party, or (iv) your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
PRAJAPRAGATHI reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. You agree to provide PRAJAPRAGATHI with full co-operation if PRAJAPRAGATHI chooses to exercise this right.
Information about you and your visits to the Site
PRAJAPRAGATHI processes information about you in accordance with it’s privacy policy. By using the Site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Links to and from other sites
Where the Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. PRAJAPRAGATHI has no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Term and termination
These terms of use will become effective from the point at which you click the URL to enter our Website and use the Site or the Services (or where you expressly accept these terms of use by registering with PRAJAPRAGATHI and will remain in full force and effect unless terminated hereunder.
Your subscription, if any granted, will be automatically extended for successive renewal period of the same duration as the subscription term originally selected, at the then current non-promotional subscription rate.
Either PRAJAPRAGATHI or you may terminate your user account at any time and for any reason by following procedures to unsubscribe for the services if any availed off. PRAJAPRAGATHI reserves the right to suspend immediately or terminate your access to any of the Services, without notice, for any reason. PRAJAPRAGATHI also reserves the right to remove your account information or data from the Site and any other records at any time at it’s sole discretion. If your access to any of the Services is suspended due to the breach of these terms of use, you agree that all fees, if any, then paid to PRAJAPRAGATHI by you will be non-refundable and all outstanding or pending payments will immediately be due. Following any termination of your use of the Services, PRAJAPRAGATHI reserves the right to send a notice explaining such termination to other members you have contacted through the Site.
Address:
